feat: support adding w3c header (#30)
Instabug/Instabug-Dio-Interceptor: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased] 

### Added

- Add support for Trace network requests from Instabug using traceparent

>   header ([#30](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-Dio-Interceptor/pull/30)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for tracing network requests from Instabug to services like Datadog and New Relic ([#30](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-Dio-Interceptor/pull/30)).
```
